// 1.

 Plagiarism is the act of copying (whether directly or indirectly) the work of someone else, or previous work from yourself, without 
properly referencing it within your work.

If you fail to reference where and when you have copied or borrowed from another source, then essentially you are stealing the work
of someone else and passing it off as your own.

Not only does this undermine the honesty of your work, but it also hinders your learning experience as you're failing to demonstrate to your 
academic mentors when you are struggling. This means that when it comes to the real world, such as an interview, you will not have
fully understood the skills and concepts that may be required.

So ultimately, plagiarism is not only stealing from others but also cheating on yourself.




// 2. 

The 4 Types of Plagiarism:


i. Direct Plagiarism:

This is where you copy and paste, either literally or rephrased,  from someone else and pass it off as your own work.

An example of this would be copying a paragraph out of an academic textbook, and perhaps slightly rewording or restructuring the paragraph
so that it looks different to the original text.  




ii: Self-Plagiarism:

This is where you copy from your own previous work whilst failing to reference where this idea/concept came from.

An example of this would be a student developer who copies an algorithm from a previous piece of work and uses it again. By failing to 
reference where and why the student copied from themselves they are essentially cheating in thier work as they have not neccessarily 
demonstrated that they understand the concept.



iii: Mosiac Plagiarism:

This is where you take information from several different sources and piece it together to make it look like your own original work.

An example of this would be taking text from a couple of online articles discussing the same subject, then adding them together to create
a new sounding phrase, without any reference to either article copied.



iv: Accidental Plagiarism:

This is where the plagariasm is unintentional by  accidently copying from someone else, or unknowingly producing work very similiar to
someone else.

An example of this would be failing to cite a reference within your work, possibly for something the author deemed insignificant or not
worthy of referencing. Nevertheless this is still plagiarism and is therefore important to be vigilant when using information from elsewhere
within your own work. (Sourced from www.grammarly.com/blog/types-of-plagiarism).






//3.

To avoid plagiarism within my own work it is important, as stated above, to be vigilant whenever I am using a source of information from 
elsewhere, be it a 3rd party or myself. It is essential not to pass others work off as your own, but rather to reference it correctly within
your own work. Not only does this give credit to original author (yourself included) but also demonstrates where you may have needed 
extra assistance within your own work so that your academic mentors can take note and provide further assistance where needed.







